c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.dll.config
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net-loggly.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.dll.config
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\VCHackathon.pdb
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net-loggly.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.pdb
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Mvc.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.pdb
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Twilio.Twiml.xml
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.dll
C:\Development\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\VCHackathon\obj\Debug\VCHackathon.pdb
